The project is about creating an intelligent, data-driven pricing engine for 14 parking spaces using real-time data streams, basic economic theory, and ML models built from scratch, using only numpy, pandas, some visualization libraries/modules and pathway package for real-time data streams.
Here, python and google colab were used.
The necessary libraries, packages and modules were installed and imported to Google Colab. The libraries, packages and modules used were numpy, pandas, matplotlib, datetime, pathway, bokeh and panel. As the project was being built up, necessary classes were imported and used. The dataset "dataset.csv" was loaded. Then, preprocessing was done such as finding out null values, concatenating date and time columns to a single datetime column and  encoding categorical variables. Then necessary and important columns (feature selection) were chosen and stored in a new csv file "preprocessed_dataset.csv". From that csv file, by using Pathway package, the data were streamed by creating a pipeline called "pricing_pipeline()" which calculated the prices for each window of 1 day by doing some transformations. The model used was a demand function defined as 
"Demand= a*(Occupancy/Capacity)+ b*(QueueLength)- c*(Traffic)+ d*(IsSpecialDay)+ e*(VehicleTypeWeight)" ,then normalized by dividing by parking lot capacity and then price was calculated as "Price= Base price*(1+ l*Normalized Demand)". Here, values of a,b,c,d,e and l were assumed in calculating the prices. Then, the prices for each parking plot for each day were plotted by using Bokeh library in real time.
